Liste des utilisateurs générés :

Admins

admin1@plantshop.com password
admin2@plantshop.com password
admin3@plantshop.com password

Utilisateurs normaux

elisemichaud@example.org password
juliette93@example.com password
le-goffsuzanne@example.com password
legroslucy@example.net password
philippechartier@example.org password
jacquesbrunel@example.com password
zhamon@example.net password
victor79@example.org password
hparis@example.net password
beguepaul@example.org password
gerard61@example.com password
rochervalentine@example.org password
daniellecolas@example.com password
flemoine@example.org password
paulinehubert@example.com password
bergeraurore@example.org password
jpasquier@example.com password
adelaide19@example.net password
zfrancois@example.net password
paulfernandez@example.com password
